capital = 341

oob = "TRT_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_30
	civilian_economy
	export_focus
	volunteer_only
	parliamentary_republic
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	basic_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	early_battleship = 1
	early_battlecruiser = 1
	transport = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1935.9.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    vanguardist = 0
    collectivist = 0
    libertarian_socialist = 0
    social_democrat = 0
    social_liberal = 26
    market_liberal = 5
    social_conservative = 5
    authoritarian_democrat = 39
    paternal_autocrat = 0
    national_populist = 0
    valkist = 25
}

set_convoys = 20

set_stability = 0.55
set_war_support = 0.55

recruit_character = TUR_Şefik_Husnu_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Hikmet_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Reşad_Fuad_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Hasan_Ali_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Abdulmecid_II
recruit_character = TUR_Ali_Adnan_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Mehmed_Cavid_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Mustafa_İsmet_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Huseyin_Nihal_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Osman_Fuad_Efendi
recruit_character = TUR_Mustafa_Fevzi_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_İsmail_Hakkı_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Omer_Fahreddin_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Mehmet_Kazım_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Cemil_Cahid_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Mustafa_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Huseyin_Rauf_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Necdet_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Hasan_Ali_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Ali_Fethi_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Ali_Kemal_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Prens_Sabahaddin_Efendi
recruit_character = TUR_Musa_Kazım_Karabekir_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Ali_Şukru_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Shakib_Arslan
recruit_character = TUR_Mehmed_Vehip_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Mustafa_Kemal_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Huseyin_Selahattin_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Huseyin_Nihal_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Ali_Fuad_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Haqqi_al_Azm
recruit_character = TUR_Kopruluzade_Mehmed_Fuad_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Rıza_Nur_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Hashim_al_Atassi
recruit_character = TUR_Muhammed_Hamdi_Yazır
recruit_character = TUR_Filibeli_Hilmi_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Huseyin_Numan_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Mehmed_Şukru_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Selahattin_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Tevfik_Ruştu_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Fahrettin_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Suleyman_Şefik_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Ahmed_Necdet_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Zeki_Velidi_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Berc_Keresteciyan_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Hacı_Omer_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Huseyin_Husnu_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Mahmud_Celal_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Mehmet_Fahrettin_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Mustafa_Abdulhalik_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Zuhtu_Hilmi_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Abdulmuhsin_el_Sadun_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Hasan_Husnu_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Kara_Kemal_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Mehmed_Şakir_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Mustafa_Şeref_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Reşad_Muhlis_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Şevket_Raşid_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Sırrı_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Mehmed_Nuri_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Mehmed_Şefik_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Ağaoglu_Ahmed_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Feridun_Fikri_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_İbrahim_Refik_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Bekir_Refik_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Refik_Şevket_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Mustafa_Sabri_Effendi
recruit_character = TUR_Ahmed_Naci_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Ali_Rıza_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Kazım_Fikri_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Mehmed_Şemsettin_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Mustafa_Necati_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Yunus_Nadi_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Mehmed_Recep_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Sadri_Maksudi_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Yusuf_Kemal_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Mehmed_Cemal_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Kazim_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Salih_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Asım_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Cemil_Cahit_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Fakhri_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Mahmud_Muhtar_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Şukru_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_İrfan_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Vecihi_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Ahmet_Ali_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_Şakir_Fevzi_Paşa
recruit_character = TUR_İsmail_Şefik_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_The_General_Assembly
recruit_character = TUR_Ahmed_IV
recruit_character = TUR_Osman_IV
recruit_character = TUR_Yusuf_Hikmet_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Kadir_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Hasan_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_Aslan_Bey
recruit_character = TUR_İsmet_Reşitoğlu
recruit_character = TUR_Nihal_Atsız
recruit_character = TUR_Mehmet_Cavid_Yalcın
recruit_character = TUR_Mehmet_Sabahattin
recruit_character = TUR_Şefik_Husnu
recruit_character = TUR_Reşat_Fuat_Baraner
recruit_character = TUR_Yusuf_Hikmet_Bayur
recruit_character = TUR_Adnan_Menderes
recruit_character = TUR_Hasan_Ali_Yucel
recruit_character = TUR_Fevzi_Cakmak
recruit_character = TUR_Kazım_Orbay
recruit_character = TUR_İsmail_Hakkı_Berkok
recruit_character = TUR_Omer_Fahrettin_Turkkan
recruit_character = TUR_Cemil_Cahit_Toydemir
recruit_character = TUR_Mustafa_Muğlalı
recruit_character = TUR_Rauf_Orbay
recruit_character = TUR_Necdet_Uran
recruit_character = TUR_Omer_Faruk_Efendi
recruit_character = TUR_Osman_Bey
